To date, there have been no observations of stars or gas with a
primordial composition of hydrogen and helium in both the distant and
local universe.  There always exists some metallicity floor between
1/10,000 and 1/1,000 of the solar metallicity ratio in objects such as
(1) metal-poor stars in the Milky Way stellar halo, (2) nearby dwarf
spheroidal galaxies, and (3) damped Lyman alpha absorbers, which are
neutral gas envelopes that surround high-redshift galaxies.  It has
been proposed that supernovae from the first (metal-free) stars
provided a metallicity "background" in the universe.  This idea has
never been directly simulated in the initial buildup of the earliest
galaxies.  Recently we have developed software in our adaptive mesh
refinement code to follow such events in a cosmological setting, and
we find that only one supernova is sufficient to reach this
metallicity floor in a high-redshift dwarf galaxy.

A minute fraction of heavy elements can trigger efficient cooling in
star-forming clouds that results in a stellar cluster with a
characteristic stellar mass below a solar mass.  This is in great
contrast to a characteristic mass of 100 solar masses found in
simulations of metal-free star formation.  When an object transitions
to stellar clusters with lower mass stars, this is the birth of a
galaxy, which is presented in this work.

The simulation presented here includes both metal-free and
metal-enriched star formation and their radiative, mechanical, and
chemical feedback.  Including radiation transport in these
calculations is an important step forward in galaxy formation
simulations because they significantly alter the thermal state of both
the interstellar and intergalactic medium, affecting subsequent star
and galaxy formation.  This is especially true in low-mass galaxies,
as presented in this Report, where the escape velocities are small.
This allows for the creation of galactic outflows from stellar
radiative feedback.  If radiation transport is not included, then
theoretical predictions of dwarf galaxy properties, and thus
observational interpretations, might be inaccurate.

These distant low-mass galaxies are mainly responsible for heating and
ionizing the universe, culminating in the reionization of the
universe.  They have not been observed yet but will be with the
upcoming Atacama Large Millimeter Array (ALMA) and the James Webb
Space Telescope (JWST).  Our simulation of such galaxies provides an
invaluable resource for the interpretation of these future
observations, such as clues to their star formation history and any
impact from the first generation of stars.

To our knowledge, a galaxy formation simulation that resolves
star-forming molecular clouds and includes radiation transport has
never been conducted before.  This is also the first time it has been
possible to link the formation and feedback of the first stars to
protogalaxies, resolving the important scales and including the most
important physical effects.

The only colleague that has reviewed the paper is Renyue Cen at
Princeton University.  This work or any related work has not been
published or submitted to other journals.  This is the first report
on the simulation described in our manuscript.
